hello and welcome back to another
smashing episode innocence for nonsense
today we are going to talk about is
vegetarianism a social handicap now I'm
not a vegetarian and I never will be a
vegetarian because I need meat I could
never constantly eat foods without meat
because they my food sauce would just
seem very bland and tasteless I gotta
have a steak with my fries so when I go
to work in Brussels the capital of
Belgium I am indirectly glad that all
the food joints restaurants around me
all have meet one of my co-workers at
the bar said to me that she was like
half vegetarian I'm like what you mean
you're like half vegetarian and she said
to me that the city is very anti
vegetarian because most food joints have
no or very little interest in
vegetarians which makes them antisocial
and like what do you mean antisocial
well think of it this way things like
beer coffee cigarettes and even we'd
bring people together these are social
tools vegetarianism has almost no social
effect out there in the real world and
food joints recognize this and exploit
this very well and they only want to
give the customer one thing and that is
give the customer what they want and
know what they need plus prices and
vegetarian food joints away too
expensive when in this situation that
price range deprives us from an
incentive to become vegetarians I have
bills to pay and I don't want to use my
hard-earned money from the bar just to
change my food consumption when it's
that's expensive Tim what are you doing
with the family dog tonight we're having
dog for dinner no we're not gonna have
the family dog for dinner doug is
delicious stop being such a vegetarian I
said no leave the dog alone all right
look at you why did you know coordinator
papa yummy oh you you dude look you
ordered boobie Oh boobie
weirdo listeners do you believe that
vegetarianism is a social handicap and
do you believe that when you're outdoors
in the city that your surrounding is
very entry vegetarian business that you
listening so till next time it'll be
relative will be in you you boobie Oh
boobie do don't do do doot doot doot
doot doot doot doot doot doot doot do do
doot under it no good to copy all the
way over here is to dude you were to go
go goo goo goo goo